bpo-47000: Add `locale.getencoding()` (#32068)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

* Add :func:`inspect.ismethodwrapper` for checking if the type of an object is a
  :class:`~types.MethodWrapperType`. (Contributed by Hakan Çelik in :issue:`29418`.)

locale
------

> * Add :func:`locale.getencoding` that is same to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add :func:`locale.getencoding` to get the current locale encoding. It is similar to
```

>   ``locale.getpreferredencoding(False)`` but ignores :ref:`UTF-8 Mode <utf8-mode>`.

Reviewer: I like repeating "Python" to remind that it's unrelated to the Unix locale, but really something specific to Python which ignores the locale.

```suggestion
  ``locale.getpreferredencoding(False)`` but ignores the :ref:`Python UTF-8 Mode <utf8-mode>`.
```
